---
title: What this blog is about?
---

I want use this blog to spend more time to reflect on some software engineering problems I've encountered both at work and in my personal projects. I want to write in a simple language so that I understand these topics better myself.

If you're reading this, you might be wondering, "What is in this blog for me?" Let me give you a brief introduction to who I am and what I'll be writing about so you can decide if you'd like to stay tuned.

As of time of writing this post, I work on Google TV. Prior to joining Google, I spent many years working on backend systems in Java. You can learn more about my background on my [LinkedIn\ profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tellary/). Outside of work, I like to experiment with Haskell and Agda, and work on small projects.

This defines what I will write about:

1. Java, backend and Android.
2. Haskell.
3. Agda and proofs.
4. Project ideas and prototypes.
5. How to communicate to be more productive.

I'll choose topics that are generic enough and will not reveal anything specific to Google or my prior employers. Here are some post I plan to write soon:

1. What are Android instrumentation tests?
2. How to emulate pattern-matching in Java?
3. A beginner's guide to using Nix.
4. "Discounted Cash Flow" stock valuation calculator in Haskell.
5. Writing a correctness proof for the "greatest common denominator" using Agda.
6. The power of asking open-ended questions.

If you want to get notified about new posts, please [follow\ me\ on\ LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/comm/mynetwork/discovery-see-all?usecase=PEOPLE_FOLLOWS&followMember=tellary), where I will be announcing new posts.
